Add missing data fillup to FAQ (#3523)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/faq.md

Please look at the [advanced setup documentation Page](advanced-setup.md#running-multiple-instances-of-freqtrade).

### I'm getting "Missing data fillup" messages in the log

This message is just a warning that the latest candles had missing candles in them.

> Depending on the exchange, this can indicate that the pair didn't have a trade for `<yourtimeframe>` - and the exchange does only return candles with volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the exchange, this can indicate that the pair didn't have a trade for the timeframe you are using - and the exchange does only return candles with volume.
```

On low volume pairs, this is a rather common occurance.

If this happens for all pairs in the pairlist, this might indicate a recent exchange downtime. Please check your exchange's public channels for details.

> Independently of the reason, Freqtrade will fill up these candles with "empty" candles, where open, high, low and close are set to the previous candle close - and volume is empty. In a chart, this will look like a `_` - and is aligned with how exchanges usually represent 0 volume candles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Irrespectively of the reason, Freqtrade will fill up these candles with "empty" candles, where open, high, low and close are set to the previous candle close - and volume is empty. In a chart, this will look like a `_` - and is aligned with how exchanges usually represent 0 volume candles.
```
